Branch rename savefile and update Name (#215)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T10-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* The date of birth must be given in YYYY-MM-DD format. It cannot be a date in the future.

> * Managera cannot accept duplicate participants. A participant is considered duplicate if their attributes, name
>   and birthdate, are identical with those of an existing participant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Managera cannot accept duplicate participants. A participant is considered duplicate if their name
  and birthdate are identical with those of an existing participant.
```

> * If a participant to be added shares identical name with an existing participant, but one of them lacks a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a participant to be added shares an identical name with an existing participant, but one of them lacks a 
```

* The date of birth must be given in YYYY-MM-DD format. It cannot be a date in the future.
  

> * If a participant is edited in a way such that their attributes, name and birthdate  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a participant is edited in a way such that their new name and birthdate  
```

  would exactly match those of another existing participant, Managera would refuse to execute the command as it forbids 
  duplicate participants.

> * A participant is not considered duplicate if at least one of their attribute, name or birthdate is different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A participant is not considered duplicate if either their name or birthdate is different.
```
